update edge and nodejs runtime doc (#60801)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/03-rendering/04-edge-and-nodejs-runtimes.mdx

The Edge Runtime is ideal if you need to deliver dynamic, personalized content at low latency with small, simple functions. The Edge Runtime's speed comes from its minimal use of resources, but that can be limiting in many scenarios.

> For example, code executed in the Edge Runtime [on Vercel cannot exceed between 1 MB and 4 MB](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/limits/overview#edge-middleware-and-edge-functions-size), this limit includes imported packages, fonts and files, and will vary depending on your deployment infrastructure. In addition, the Edge Runtime does not support all Node.js APIs, so some npm packages may not work. For example, this may cause "Module not found: Can't resolve 'fs'" or similiar errors. Choose the Node.js Runtime if you need to use these APIs or packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, code executed in the Edge Runtime [on Vercel cannot exceed between 1 MB and 4 MB](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/limits/overview#edge-middleware-and-edge-functions-size), this limit includes imported packages, fonts and files, and will vary depending on your deployment infrastructure. In addition, the Edge Runtime does not support all Node.js APIs meaning some `npm` packages may not work. For example, "Module not found: Can't resolve 'fs'" or similar errors. We recommend using the Node.js runtime if you need to use these APIs or packages.
```

For example, code executed in the Edge Runtime [on Vercel cannot exceed between 1 MB and 4 MB](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/limits/overview#edge-middleware-and-edge-functions-size), this limit includes imported packages, fonts and files, and will vary depending on your deployment infrastructure.

> **Good to know**:
>

> > - Getting "Module not found: Can't resolve 'fs'" or related errors? This nay be because the Edge Runtime does not support all Node.js APIs like the filesystem. You can use the [Node.js Runtime](#nodejs-runtime) to access these APIs.

Reviewer 2: Line 34 basically says this already since Edge Runtime is a “subset” of Node.js runtime. Perhaps we need to clarify that line instead.

Author: Thanks @styfle! Updated line 38 and removed lines 40 - 42.
